MacDock 1.4 ©August 2023 by MikeDedicated to those of us still using these machines 40 years later...What's new this release:* MacDock now resizes to fit the number of apps you have running so it never takes up more spaces than it needs!* Small Dock option replaces the old "Hide Dock" option.  When your desktop is cluttered the small dock will help you do more with less space and without the old tuck-away feature* Fixes compatibility with older Macintoshes with old ROM that doesn't support DeviceManager (e.g. SE and older)System Requirements:* System 7.x - MacOS 8* AppleScript with Finder Scripting Extension for full featuresDescription:MacDock is like the Dock in modern macOS but for System 7 and 8.To use it, simply launch the program.  MacDock will be visible at the bottom of your screen.  You will see your running applications on the list (limited to 7 applications).  * Clicking on any of them switches you to the app.* Cmd + clicking reveals that application in the Finder* Option + clicking hides the current application and switches to the clicked application (only when clicking from a non-MacDock application)Options:* Small Dock (Cmd+S) - Toggles the small dock* Show Self in Dock (Cmd+D) - Shows MacDock app in the dock Updates:Follow along at https://tinkerdifferent.com/threads/macdock-dev-progress-like-todays-macos-dock-but-for-system-7.2583/This program is care-ware.  If you enjoy it, do something nice to someone today!Release Notes- v.1.4 -- 9/17/2023  - MacDock now resizes to fit the number of apps you have running so it never takes up more spaces than it needs!  - Small Dock option replaces the old "Hide Dock" option.  When your desktop is cluttered the small dock will help you do more with less space and without the old tuck-away feature  - Fixes compatibility with older Macintoshes with old ROM that doesn't support DeviceManager (e.g. SE and older)- v1.32 -- 8/29/2023  - Added support for MacOS 8 (by fixing an OS 8-specific issue occuring when "Show In Dock" was selected, causing a blank Dock)- v1.31 -- 8/21/2023  - New icon!  It's not Susan Kare but it's nice :-D  - Fixed an issue on color screens where applications that only have a black & white icon that caused those apps to show up as generic app icons  - Fixed versioning in the About... box.- v1.3 -- 8/18/2023  - Added support for color- v1.2 -- 7/6/2023  - Added command + click to reveal app in Finder- v1.1 -- 5/8/2023  - No longer keeps After Dark screensavers from triggering when idle  - Reduced CPU utilization to 1/10th - 1/100th by being selective about when to redraw the Dock and its icons  - Added "About MacDock..." dialog- v1.0  - Initial release